docs/IE_DG/supported_plugins/HETERO.md, before:

Heterogeneous Plugin {#openvino_docs_IE_DG_supported_plugins_HETERO}
=======

## Introducing Heterogeneous Plugin

The heterogeneous plugin enables computing for inference on one network on several devices.
Purposes to execute networks in heterogeneous mode
* To utilize accelerators power and calculate heaviest parts of network on accelerator and execute not supported layers on fallback devices like CPU
* To utilize all available hardware more efficiently during one inference

The execution through heterogeneous plugin can be divided to two independent steps:
* Setting of affinity to layers
* Loading a network to the Heterogeneous plugin, splitting the network to parts, and executing them through the plugin

These steps are decoupled. The setting of affinity can be done automatically using fallback policy or in manual mode.

The fallback automatic policy means greedy behavior and assigns all layers which can be executed on certain device on that device follow priorities.
Automatic policy does not take into account such plugin peculiarities as inability to infer some layers without other special layers placed before of after that layers. It is plugin responsibility to solve such cases. If device plugin does not support subgraph topology constructed by Hetero plugin affinity should be set manually.

Some of the topologies are not friendly to heterogeneous execution on some devices or cannot be executed in such mode at all.
Example of such networks might be networks having activation layers which are not supported on primary device.
If transmitting of data from one part of network to another part in heterogeneous mode takes relatively much time,
then it is not much sense to execute them in heterogeneous mode on these devices.
In this case you can define heaviest part manually and set affinity thus way to avoid sending of data back and forth many times during one inference.

## Annotation of Layers per Device and Default Fallback Policy
Default fallback policy decides which layer goes to which device automatically according to the support in dedicated plugins (FPGA, GPU, CPU, MYRIAD).

Another way to annotate a network is to set affinity manually using <code>ngraph::Node::get_rt_info</code> with key `"affinity"`:

@snippet openvino/docs/snippets/HETERO0.cpp part0

The fallback policy does not work if even one layer has an initialized affinity. The sequence should be calling of automating affinity settings and then fix manually.

@snippet openvino/docs/snippets/HETERO1.cpp part1

If you rely on the default affinity distribution, you can avoid calling <code>InferenceEngine::Core::QueryNetwork</code> and just call <code>InferenceEngine::Core::LoadNetwork</code> instead:

@snippet openvino/docs/snippets/HETERO2.cpp part2

> **NOTE**: `InferenceEngine::Core::QueryNetwork` does not depend on affinities set by a user, but queries for layer support based on device capabilities.


## Details of Splitting Network and Execution
During loading of the network to heterogeneous plugin, network is divided to separate parts and loaded to dedicated plugins.
Intermediate blobs between these sub graphs are allocated automatically in the most efficient way.

## Execution Precision
Precision for inference in heterogeneous plugin is defined by
* Precision of IR.
* Ability of final plugins to execute in precision defined in IR

Examples:
* If you want to execute GPU with CPU fallback with FP16 on GPU, you need to use only FP16 IR.
* If you want to execute on FPGA with CPU fallback, you can use any precision for IR. The execution on FPGA is defined by bitstream, the execution on CPU happens in FP32.

Samples can be used with the following command:

```sh
./object_detection_sample_ssd -m  <path_to_model>/ModelSSD.xml -i <path_to_pictures>/picture.jpg -d HETERO:FPGA,CPU
```
where:
- `HETERO` stands for heterogeneous plugin
- `FPGA,CPU` points to fallback policy with priority on FPGA and fallback to CPU

You can point more than two devices: `-d HETERO:FPGA,GPU,CPU`

## Analyzing Heterogeneous Execution
After enabling of <code>KEY_HETERO_DUMP_GRAPH_DOT</code> config key, you can dump GraphViz* `.dot` files with annotations of devices per layer.

Heterogeneous plugin can generate two files:
* `hetero_affinity_<network name>.dot` - annotation of affinities per layer. This file is written to the disk only if default fallback policy was executed
* `hetero_subgraphs_<network name>.dot` - annotation of affinities per graph. This file is written to the disk during execution of <code>ICNNNetwork::LoadNetwork()</code> for heterogeneous plugin

@snippet openvino/docs/snippets/HETERO3.cpp part3

You can use GraphViz* utility or converters to `.png` formats. On Ubuntu* operating system, you can use the following utilities:
* `sudo apt-get install xdot`
* `xdot hetero_subgraphs.dot`


You can use performance data (in samples, it is an option `-pc`) to get performance data on each subgraph.

Here is an example of the output: for Googlenet v1 running on FPGA with fallback to CPU:
```cpp
subgraph1: 1. input preprocessing (mean data/FPGA):EXECUTED       layerType:                    realTime: 129        cpu: 129            execType:
subgraph1: 2. input transfer to DDR:EXECUTED       layerType:                    realTime: 201        cpu: 0              execType:
subgraph1: 3. FPGA execute time:EXECUTED       layerType:                    realTime: 3808       cpu: 0              execType:
subgraph1: 4. output transfer from DDR:EXECUTED       layerType:                    realTime: 55         cpu: 0              execType:
subgraph1: 5. FPGA output postprocessing:EXECUTED       layerType:                    realTime: 7          cpu: 7              execType:
subgraph1: 6. copy to IE blob:EXECUTED       layerType:                    realTime: 2          cpu: 2              execType:
subgraph2: out_prob:          NOT_RUN        layerType: Output             realTime: 0          cpu: 0              execType: unknown
subgraph2: prob:              EXECUTED       layerType: SoftMax            realTime: 10         cpu: 10             execType: ref
Total time: 4212     microseconds
```
## See Also
* [Supported Devices](Supported_Devices.md)

Commit message:

Added information about unsupported subgraphs for set affinity (#2872)

docs/IE_DG/supported_plugins/HETERO.md, after:

Heterogeneous Plugin {#openvino_docs_IE_DG_supported_plugins_HETERO}
=======

## Introducing Heterogeneous Plugin

The heterogeneous plugin enables computing for inference on one network on several devices.
Purposes to execute networks in heterogeneous mode
* To utilize accelerators power and calculate heaviest parts of network on accelerator and execute not supported layers on fallback devices like CPU
* To utilize all available hardware more efficiently during one inference

The execution through heterogeneous plugin can be divided to two independent steps:
* Setting of affinity to layers
* Loading a network to the Heterogeneous plugin, splitting the network to parts, and executing them through the plugin

These steps are decoupled. The setting of affinity can be done automatically using fallback policy or in manual mode.

The fallback automatic policy means greedy behavior and assigns all layers which can be executed on certain device on that device follow priorities.
Automatic policy does not take into account such plugin peculiarities as inability to infer some layers without other special layers placed before of after that layers. It is plugin responsibility to solve such cases. If device plugin does not support subgraph topology constructed by Hetero plugin affinity should be set manually.

Some of the topologies are not friendly to heterogeneous execution on some devices or cannot be executed in such mode at all.
Example of such networks might be networks having activation layers which are not supported on primary device.
If transmitting of data from one part of network to another part in heterogeneous mode takes relatively much time,
then it is not much sense to execute them in heterogeneous mode on these devices.
In this case you can define heaviest part manually and set affinity thus way to avoid sending of data back and forth many times during one inference.

## Annotation of Layers per Device and Default Fallback Policy
Default fallback policy decides which layer goes to which device automatically according to the support in dedicated plugins (FPGA, GPU, CPU, MYRIAD).

Another way to annotate a network is to set affinity manually using <code>ngraph::Node::get_rt_info</code> with key `"affinity"`:

@snippet openvino/docs/snippets/HETERO0.cpp part0

The fallback policy does not work if even one layer has an initialized affinity. The sequence should be calling of automating affinity settings and then fix manually.

> **NOTE**: If you set affinity manually, be careful at the current moment Inference Engine plugins don't support constant (`Constant`->`Result`) and empty (`Parameter`->`Result`) networks. Please avoid such subgraphs when you set affinity manually.

@snippet openvino/docs/snippets/HETERO1.cpp part1

If you rely on the default affinity distribution, you can avoid calling <code>InferenceEngine::Core::QueryNetwork</code> and just call <code>InferenceEngine::Core::LoadNetwork</code> instead:

@snippet openvino/docs/snippets/HETERO2.cpp part2

> **NOTE**: `InferenceEngine::Core::QueryNetwork` does not depend on affinities set by a user, but queries for layer support based on device capabilities.


## Details of Splitting Network and Execution
During loading of the network to heterogeneous plugin, network is divided to separate parts and loaded to dedicated plugins.
Intermediate blobs between these sub graphs are allocated automatically in the most efficient way.

## Execution Precision
Precision for inference in heterogeneous plugin is defined by
* Precision of IR.
* Ability of final plugins to execute in precision defined in IR

Examples:
* If you want to execute GPU with CPU fallback with FP16 on GPU, you need to use only FP16 IR.
* If you want to execute on FPGA with CPU fallback, you can use any precision for IR. The execution on FPGA is defined by bitstream, the execution on CPU happens in FP32.

Samples can be used with the following command:

```sh
./object_detection_sample_ssd -m  <path_to_model>/ModelSSD.xml -i <path_to_pictures>/picture.jpg -d HETERO:FPGA,CPU
```
where:
- `HETERO` stands for heterogeneous plugin
- `FPGA,CPU` points to fallback policy with priority on FPGA and fallback to CPU

You can point more than two devices: `-d HETERO:FPGA,GPU,CPU`

## Analyzing Heterogeneous Execution
After enabling of <code>KEY_HETERO_DUMP_GRAPH_DOT</code> config key, you can dump GraphViz* `.dot` files with annotations of devices per layer.

Heterogeneous plugin can generate two files:
* `hetero_affinity_<network name>.dot` - annotation of affinities per layer. This file is written to the disk only if default fallback policy was executed
* `hetero_subgraphs_<network name>.dot` - annotation of affinities per graph. This file is written to the disk during execution of <code>ICNNNetwork::LoadNetwork()</code> for heterogeneous plugin

@snippet openvino/docs/snippets/HETERO3.cpp part3

You can use GraphViz* utility or converters to `.png` formats. On Ubuntu* operating system, you can use the following utilities:
* `sudo apt-get install xdot`
* `xdot hetero_subgraphs.dot`


You can use performance data (in samples, it is an option `-pc`) to get performance data on each subgraph.

Here is an example of the output: for Googlenet v1 running on FPGA with fallback to CPU:
```cpp
subgraph1: 1. input preprocessing (mean data/FPGA):EXECUTED       layerType:                    realTime: 129        cpu: 129            execType:
subgraph1: 2. input transfer to DDR:EXECUTED       layerType:                    realTime: 201        cpu: 0              execType:
subgraph1: 3. FPGA execute time:EXECUTED       layerType:                    realTime: 3808       cpu: 0              execType:
subgraph1: 4. output transfer from DDR:EXECUTED       layerType:                    realTime: 55         cpu: 0              execType:
subgraph1: 5. FPGA output postprocessing:EXECUTED       layerType:                    realTime: 7          cpu: 7              execType:
subgraph1: 6. copy to IE blob:EXECUTED       layerType:                    realTime: 2          cpu: 2              execType:
subgraph2: out_prob:          NOT_RUN        layerType: Output             realTime: 0          cpu: 0              execType: unknown
subgraph2: prob:              EXECUTED       layerType: SoftMax            realTime: 10         cpu: 10             execType: ref
Total time: 4212     microseconds
```
## See Also
* [Supported Devices](Supported_Devices.md)
