inference-engine/ie_bridges/python/sample/classification_sample_async/README.md, before:

# Image Classification Python* Sample Async {#openvino_inference_engine_ie_bridges_python_sample_classification_sample_async_README}

This sample demonstrates how to run the Image Classification sample application with inference executed in the asynchronous mode.

The sample demonstrates how to use the new Infer Request API of Inference Engine in applications.
Refer to [Integrate the Inference Engine New Request API with Your Application](../../../../../docs/IE_DG/Integrate_with_customer_application_new_API.md) for details.
The sample demonstrates how to build and execute an inference request 10 times in the asynchronous mode on example of classifications networks.
The asynchronous mode might increase the throughput of the pictures.

The batch mode is an independent attribute on the asynchronous mode. Asynchronous mode works efficiently with any batch size.

## How It Works

Upon the start-up, the sample application reads command line parameters and loads specified network and input images (or a
folder with images) to the Inference Engine plugin. The batch size of the network is set according to the number of read images.

Then, the sample creates an inference request object and assigns completion callback for it. In scope of the completion callback
handling the inference request is executed again.

After that, the application starts inference for the first infer request and waits of 10th inference request execution being completed.

When inference is done, the application outputs data to the standard output stream.

> **NOTE**: By default, Inference Engine samples and demos expect input with BGR channels order. If you trained your model to work with RGB order, you need to manually rearrange the default channels order in the sample or demo application or reconvert your model using the Model Optimizer tool with `--reverse_input_channels` argument specified. For more information about the argument, refer to **When to Reverse Input Channels** section of [Converting a Model Using General Conversion Parameters](../../../../../docs/MO_DG/prepare_model/convert_model/Converting_Model_General.md).

## Running

Running the application with the <code>-h</code> option yields the following usage message:
```
python3 classification_sample_async.py -h
```
The command yields the following usage message:
```
usage: classification_sample_async.py [-h] -m MODEL -i INPUT [INPUT ...]
                                      [-l CPU_EXTENSION]
                                      [-d DEVICE] [--labels LABELS]
                                      [-nt NUMBER_TOP]

Options:
  -h, --help            Show this help message and exit.
  -m MODEL, --model MODEL
                        Required. Path to an .xml file with a trained model.
  -i INPUT [INPUT ...], --input INPUT [INPUT ...]
                        Required. Path to a folder with images or path to an
                        image files
  -l CPU_EXTENSION, --cpu_extension CPU_EXTENSION
                        Optional. Required for CPU custom layers. Absolute
                        path to a shared library with the kernels
                        implementations.
  -d DEVICE, --device DEVICE
                        Optional. Specify the target device to infer on; CPU,
                        GPU, FPGA, HDDL or MYRIAD is acceptable. The sample
                        will look for a suitable plugin for device specified.
                        Default value is CPU
  --labels LABELS       Optional. Labels mapping file
  -nt NUMBER_TOP, --number_top NUMBER_TOP
                        Optional. Number of top results
```

Running the application with the empty list of options yields the usage message given above and an error message.

To run the sample, you can use AlexNet and GoogLeNet or other image classification models. You can download the pre-trained models with the OpenVINO [Model Downloader](@ref omz_tools_downloader_README) or from [https://download.01.org/opencv/](https://download.01.org/opencv/).

> **NOTE**: Before running the sample with a trained model, make sure the model is converted to the Inference Engine format (\*.xml + \*.bin) using the [Model Optimizer tool](../../../../../docs/MO_DG/Deep_Learning_Model_Optimizer_DevGuide.md).


You can do inference of an image using a trained AlexNet network on FPGA with fallback to CPU using the following command:
```
    python3 classification_sample_async.py -i <path_to_image>/cat.bmp -m <path_to_model>/alexnet_fp32.xml -nt 5 -d HETERO:FPGA,CPU
```

## Sample Output

By default, the application outputs top-10 inference results for each infer request.
It also provides throughput value measured in frames per seconds.

## See Also
* [Using Inference Engine Samples](../../../../../docs/IE_DG/Samples_Overview.md)

Commit message:

[Samples] Python: added support of onnx models (#2782)
* [Samples] Python: added support of onnx models

* [Docs] Python: added support of onnx models

Updated documentation

inference-engine/ie_bridges/python/sample/classification_sample_async/README.md, after:

# Image Classification Python* Sample Async {#openvino_inference_engine_ie_bridges_python_sample_classification_sample_async_README}

This sample demonstrates how to run the Image Classification sample application with inference executed in the asynchronous mode.

The sample demonstrates how to use the new Infer Request API of Inference Engine in applications.
Refer to [Integrate the Inference Engine New Request API with Your Application](../../../../../docs/IE_DG/Integrate_with_customer_application_new_API.md) for details.
The sample demonstrates how to build and execute an inference request 10 times in the asynchronous mode on example of classifications networks.
The asynchronous mode might increase the throughput of the pictures.

The batch mode is an independent attribute on the asynchronous mode. Asynchronous mode works efficiently with any batch size.

## How It Works

Upon the start-up, the sample application reads command line parameters and loads specified network and input images (or a
folder with images) to the Inference Engine plugin. The batch size of the network is set according to the number of read images.

Then, the sample creates an inference request object and assigns completion callback for it. In scope of the completion callback
handling the inference request is executed again.

After that, the application starts inference for the first infer request and waits of 10th inference request execution being completed.

When inference is done, the application outputs data to the standard output stream.

> **NOTE**: By default, Inference Engine samples and demos expect input with BGR channels order. If you trained your model to work with RGB order, you need to manually rearrange the default channels order in the sample or demo application or reconvert your model using the Model Optimizer tool with `--reverse_input_channels` argument specified. For more information about the argument, refer to **When to Reverse Input Channels** section of [Converting a Model Using General Conversion Parameters](../../../../../docs/MO_DG/prepare_model/convert_model/Converting_Model_General.md).

## Running

Running the application with the <code>-h</code> option yields the following usage message:
```
python3 classification_sample_async.py -h
```
The command yields the following usage message:
```
usage: classification_sample_async.py [-h] -m MODEL -i INPUT [INPUT ...]
                                      [-l CPU_EXTENSION]
                                      [-d DEVICE] [--labels LABELS]
                                      [-nt NUMBER_TOP]

Options:
  -h, --help            Show this help message and exit.
  -m MODEL, --model MODEL
                        Required. Path to an .xml file with a trained model.
  -i INPUT [INPUT ...], --input INPUT [INPUT ...]
                        Required. Path to a folder with images or path to an
                        image files
  -l CPU_EXTENSION, --cpu_extension CPU_EXTENSION
                        Optional. Required for CPU custom layers. Absolute
                        path to a shared library with the kernels
                        implementations.
  -d DEVICE, --device DEVICE
                        Optional. Specify the target device to infer on; CPU,
                        GPU, FPGA, HDDL or MYRIAD is acceptable. The sample
                        will look for a suitable plugin for device specified.
                        Default value is CPU
  --labels LABELS       Optional. Labels mapping file
  -nt NUMBER_TOP, --number_top NUMBER_TOP
                        Optional. Number of top results
```

Running the application with the empty list of options yields the usage message given above and an error message.

To run the sample, you can use AlexNet and GoogLeNet or other image classification models. You can download the pre-trained models with the OpenVINO [Model Downloader](@ref omz_tools_downloader_README) or from [https://download.01.org/opencv/](https://download.01.org/opencv/).

> **NOTE**: Before running the sample with a trained model, make sure the model is converted to the Inference Engine format (\*.xml + \*.bin) using the [Model Optimizer tool](../../../../../docs/MO_DG/Deep_Learning_Model_Optimizer_DevGuide.md).
> 
> The sample accepts models in ONNX format (.onnx) that do not require preprocessing.

You can do inference of an image using a trained AlexNet network on FPGA with fallback to CPU using the following command:
```
    python3 classification_sample_async.py -i <path_to_image>/cat.bmp -m <path_to_model>/alexnet_fp32.xml -nt 5 -d HETERO:FPGA,CPU
```

## Sample Output

By default, the application outputs top-10 inference results for each infer request.
It also provides throughput value measured in frames per seconds.

## See Also
* [Using Inference Engine Samples](../../../../../docs/IE_DG/Samples_Overview.md)
