inference-engine/ie_bridges/c/samples/hello_classification/README.md, before:

# Hello Classification C Sample {#openvino_inference_engine_ie_bridges_c_samples_hello_classification_README}

This topic describes how to run the Hello Classification C sample application.

It demonstrates how to use the following Inference Engine C API in applications:
* Synchronous Infer Request API
* Input auto-resize API. It allows to set image of the original size as input for a network with other input size.
  Resize will be performed automatically by the corresponding plugin just before inference.

There is also an API introduced to crop a ROI object and set it as input without additional memory re-allocation.
To properly demonstrate this API, it is required to run several networks in pipeline which is out of scope of this sample.

> **NOTE**: By default, Inference Engine samples and demos expect input with BGR channels order. If you trained your model to work with RGB order, you need to manually rearrange the default channels order in the sample or demo application or reconvert your model using the Model Optimizer tool with `--reverse_input_channels` argument specified. For more information about the argument, refer to **When to Reverse Input Channels** section of [Converting a Model Using General Conversion Parameters](../../../../../docs/MO_DG/prepare_model/convert_model/Converting_Model_General.md).

## Running

To run the sample, you can use public or pre-trained models. To download the pre-trained models, use the OpenVINO [Model Downloader](@ref omz_tools_downloader_README) or go to [https://download.01.org/opencv/](https://download.01.org/opencv/).

> **NOTE**: Before running the sample with a trained model, make sure the model is converted to the Inference Engine format (\*.xml + \*.bin) using the [Model Optimizer tool](../../../../../docs/MO_DG/Deep_Learning_Model_Optimizer_DevGuide.md).

You can do inference of an image using a trained AlexNet network on a GPU using the following command:

```sh
./hello_classification_c <path_to_model>/alexnet_fp32.xml <path_to_image>/cat.bmp GPU
```

## Sample Output

The application outputs top-10 inference results.

Commit message:

Added onnx support for C samples (#2747)
* ngraph python sample

This sample demonstrates how to execute an inference using ngraph::Function to create a network
- added sample
- added readme
- added lenet weights

* Added onnx support for C samples

* Revert "ngraph python sample"

This reverts commit 8033292dc367017f6325ea4f96614fdcb797e9dd.

* Added onnx support for C samples

Fixed codestyle mistake

* Removed optional code

Co-authored-by: Alexander Zhogov <alexander.zhogov@intel.com>

inference-engine/ie_bridges/c/samples/hello_classification/README.md, after:

# Hello Classification C Sample {#openvino_inference_engine_ie_bridges_c_samples_hello_classification_README}

This topic describes how to run the Hello Classification C sample application.

It demonstrates how to use the following Inference Engine C API in applications:
* Synchronous Infer Request API
* Input auto-resize API. It allows to set image of the original size as input for a network with other input size.
  Resize will be performed automatically by the corresponding plugin just before inference.

There is also an API introduced to crop a ROI object and set it as input without additional memory re-allocation.
To properly demonstrate this API, it is required to run several networks in pipeline which is out of scope of this sample.

> **NOTE**: By default, Inference Engine samples and demos expect input with BGR channels order. If you trained your model to work with RGB order, you need to manually rearrange the default channels order in the sample or demo application or reconvert your model using the Model Optimizer tool with `--reverse_input_channels` argument specified. For more information about the argument, refer to **When to Reverse Input Channels** section of [Converting a Model Using General Conversion Parameters](../../../../../docs/MO_DG/prepare_model/convert_model/Converting_Model_General.md).

## Running

To run the sample, you can use public or pre-trained models. To download the pre-trained models, use the OpenVINO [Model Downloader](@ref omz_tools_downloader_README) or go to [https://download.01.org/opencv/](https://download.01.org/opencv/).

> **NOTE**: Before running the sample with a trained model, make sure the model is converted to the Inference Engine format (\*.xml + \*.bin) using the [Model Optimizer tool](../../../../../docs/MO_DG/Deep_Learning_Model_Optimizer_DevGuide.md).
>
> The sample accepts models in ONNX format (.onnx) that do not require preprocessing.

You can do inference of an image using a trained AlexNet network on a GPU using the following command:

```sh
./hello_classification_c <path_to_model>/alexnet_fp32.xml <path_to_image>/cat.bmp GPU
```

## Sample Output

The application outputs top-10 inference results.
