docs/MO_DG/prepare_model/Supported_Frameworks_Layers.md, before:

# Supported Framework Layers {#openvino_docs_MO_DG_prepare_model_Supported_Frameworks_Layers}

## Caffe\* Supported Layers

Standard Caffe\* layers:

| Layer Name in Caffe\* | Limitations |
|:---------- | :----------|
| Axpy | No |
| BN | No |
| BatchNorm | No |
| Bias | No |
| Concat | No |
| Convolution | No |
| Deconvolution | No |
| DetectionOutput | No |
| Dropout | Not needed for inference |
| Eltwise | No |
| Flatten | No |
| GlobalInput | No |
| InnerProduct | No |
| Input | No |
| LRN | No |
| Permute | No |
| Pooling | No |
| Power | No |
| ROIPooling | No |
| ReLU | No |
| Reshape | No |
| Scale | No |
| ShuffleChannel | No |
| Slice | No |
| Softmax | No |
| Tile | No |


## MXNet\* Supported Symbols

Standard MXNet\* symbols:

| Symbol Name in MXNet\*| Limitations|
| :----------| :----------|
| _Plus | No |
| _contrib_MultiBoxDetection | "force_suppress" = 1 is not supported, non-default variances are not supported |
| _contrib_MultiBoxPrior | No |
| _contrib_Proposal | No |
| _copy | Not needed for inference |
| _minus_scalar | No |
| _mul_scalar | No |
| _arange | No |
| _contrib_AdaptiveAvgPooling2D | Converted to the Average Pooling with fixed paddings |
| _maximum | No |
| _minimum | No |
| add_n | No |
| arccosh | No |
| arcsinh | No |
| arctanh | No |
| broadcast_add | No |
| broadcast_mul | No |
| cumsum | No |
| div_scalar | No |
| elementwise_sub | No |
| elemwise_add | No |
| elemwise_mul | No |
| exp | No |
| expand_dims | No |
| greater_scalar | No |
| minus_scalar | No |
| null | Not needed for inference |
| repeat | No |
| rnn | No |
| rnn_param_concat | No |
| round | No |
| sigmoid | No |
| slice | No |
| slice_axis | No |
| slice_channel | No |
| slice_like | No |
| stack | No |
| swapaxis | No |
| tile | No |
| transpose | No |
| zeros | No |
| Activation | supported "act_type" = "relu", "sigmoid", "softrelu" or "tanh" |
| BatchNorm | No |
| Concat | No |
| Convolution | No |
| Crop | "center_crop" = 1 is not supported |
| Custom | [Custom Layers in the Model Optimizer](customize_model_optimizer/Customize_Model_Optimizer.md) |
| Deconvolution | No |
| DeformableConvolution | No |
| DeformablePSROIPooling | No |
| Dropout | Not needed for inference |
| ElementWiseSum | No |
| Embedding | No |
| Flatten | No |
| FullyConnected | No |
| InstanceNorm | No |
| L2Normalization | only 4D input is supported |
| LRN | No |
| LeakyReLU | No |
| Pad | No |
| Pooling | No |
| ROIPooling | No |
| ReLU | No |
| Reshape | No |
| ScaleShift | No |
| SoftmaxActivation | No |
| SoftmaxOutput | No |
| SoftSign | No |
| Take | The attribute 'mode' is not supported |
| Tile | No |
| UpSampling | No |
| Where | No |


## TensorFlow\* Supported Operations

Some TensorFlow\* operations do not match to any Inference Engine layer, but are still supported by the Model Optimizer and can be used on constant propagation path. These layers are labeled 'Constant propagation' in the table.

Standard TensorFlow\* operations:

| Operation Name in TensorFlow\* | Limitations|
| :----------| :----------|
| Acosh | No |
| Add | No |
| AddV2 | No |
| AddN | No |
| ArgMax | No |
| Asinh | No |
| Atanh | No |
| AvgPool | No |
| AvgPoolV2 | Supported only for constant kernel_size and strides inputs |
| BatchToSpaceND | No |
| BiasAdd | No |
| Bucketize | CPU only |
| Cast | No |
| Ceil | No |
| Concat | No |
| ConcatV2 | No |
| Const | No |
| Conv2D | No |
| Conv2DBackpropInput | No |
| Cos | No |
| Cosh | No |
| CropAndResize | "method" = "bilinear" only |
| CumSum | No |
| DepthToSpace| No |
| DepthwiseConv2dNative| No |
| Enter | Supported only when it is fused to the TensorIterator layer |
| Equal | No |
| Exit | Supported only when it is fused to the TensorIterator layer |
| Exp | No |
| ExpandDims | No |
| ExperimentalSparseWeightedSum | CPU only |
| ExtractImagePatches | No |
| EuclideanNorm | No |
| FakeQuantWithMinMaxVars | No |
| FakeQuantWithMinMaxVarsPerChannel | No |
| Fill | No |
| Floor | No |
| FloorDiv | No |
| FusedBatchNorm | No |
| FusedBatchNormV2 | No |
| FusedBatchNormV3 | No |
| Gather | No |
| GatherNd | No |
| GatherV2 | No |
| Greater | No |
| GreaterEqual | No |
| Identity | Not needed for shape inference |
| LRN | No |
| Less | No |
| Log | No |
| Log1p | No |
| LogicalAnd | No |
| LogicalOr | No |
| LogicalNot | No |
| LogSoftmax | No |
| LoopCond | Supported only when it is fused to the TensorIterator layer |
| MatMul | No |
| Max | No |
| MaxPool | No |
| MaxPoolV2 | Supported only for constant kernel_size and strides inputs |
| Maximum | No |
| Mean | No |
| Merge | Supported only when it is fused to the TensorIterator layer |
| Min | No |
| Minimum | No |
| MirrorPad | No |
| Mul | No |
| Neg | No |
| NextIteration | Supported only when it is fused to the TensorIterator layer |
| NonMaxSuppressionV3 | No |
| NonMaxSuppressionV4 | No |
| NonMaxSuppressionV5 | No |
| NoOp | No |
| OneHot | No |
| Pack | No |
| Pad | No |
| PadV2 | No |
| Placeholder | No |
| PlaceholderWithDefault | No |
| Prod | No |
| Range | No |
| Rank | No |
| RealDiv | No |
| Relu | No |
| Relu6 | No |
| Reshape | No |
| ResizeBilinear | No |
| ResizeNearestNeighbor | No |
| ResourceGather| No |
| ReverseSequence | No |
| Round | No |
| Rsqrt | No |
| Shape | No |
| Sigmoid | No |
| Sin | No |
| Sinh | No |
| Size | No |
| Slice | No |
| Softmax | No |
| Softplus | No |
| Softsign | No |
| SpaceToBatchND | No |
| SparseToDense | CPU only |
| Split | No |
| SplitV | No |
| Sqrt | No |
| Square | No |
| SquaredDifference | No |
| Square| No |
| Squeeze | The case when squeeze axis is not specified is not supported |
| StopGradient | Not needed for shape inference |
| StridedSlice | No |
| Sub | No |
| Sum | No |
| Swish | No |
| Switch | Control flow propagation |
| Tan | No |
| Tanh | No |
| TensorArrayGatherV3 | Supported only when it is fused to the TensorIterator layer |
| TensorArrayReadV3 | Supported only when it is fused to the TensorIterator layer |
| TensorArrayScatterV3 | Supported only when it is fused to the TensorIterator layer |
| TensorArraySizeV3 | Supported only when it is fused to the TensorIterator layer |
| TensorArrayV3 | Supported only when it is fused to the TensorIterator layer |
| TensorArrayWriteV3 | Supported only when it is fused to the TensorIterator layer |
| Tile | No |
| TopkV2 | No |
| Transpose | No |
| Unpack | No |
| Where | No |
| ZerosLike | No |


## Kaldi\* Supported Layers

Standard Kaldi\* Layers:

| Symbol Name in Kaldi\*| Limitations|
| :----------| :----------|
| addshift | No |
| affinecomponent | No |
| affinetransform | No |
| clipgradientcomponent | Not needed for inference |
| concat | No |
| convolutional1dcomponent | No |
| convolutionalcomponent | No |
| copy | No |
| Crop | No |
| elementwiseproductcomponent | No |
| fixedaffinecomponent | No |
| fixedbiascomponent | No |
| fixedscalecomponent | No |
| generaldropoutcomponent| Not needed for inference |
| linearcomponent | No |
| logsoftmaxcomponent | No |
| lstmnonlinearitycomponent | No |
| lstmprojected | No |
| lstmprojectedstreams | No |
| maxpoolingcomponent | No |
| naturalgradientaffinecomponent | No |
| naturalgradientperelementscalecomponent | No |
| noopcomponent | Not needed for inference |
| normalizecomponent | No |
| parallelcomponent | No |
| pnormcomponent | No |
| rectifiedlinearcomponent | No |
| rescale | No |
| sigmoid | No |
| softmax | No |
| softmaxComponent | No |
| softsign | No |
| specaugmenttimemaskcomponent | Not needed for inference |
| splicecomponent | No |
| tanhcomponent | No |
| tdnncomponent | No |


## ONNX\* Supported Operators

Standard ONNX\* operators:

| Symbol Name in ONNX\*| Limitations|
| :----------| :----------|
| Abs | No |
| Acos | No |
| Acosh | No |
| Add | No |
| Affine | No |
| ArgMax | No |
| Asin | No |
| Asinh | No |
| Atan | No |
| Atanh | No |
| AveragePool | No |
| BatchMatMul | No |
| BatchNormalization | No |
| Cast | No |
| Ceil | No |
| Clip | No |
| Concat | No |
| Constant | No |
| ConstantFill | No |
| ConstantOfShape | No |
| Conv | No |
| ConvTranspose |  |
| Cos | No |
| Cosh | No |
| Crop | No |
| CumSum | No |
| DequantizeLinear | No |
| DetectionOutput (Intel experimental) | No |
| Div | No |
| Dropout | Not needed for inference |
| Elu | No |
| Equal | No |
| Erf | No |
| Expand | No |
| FakeQuantize (Intel experimental) | No |
| Fill | No |
| Flatten | No |
| Floor | No |
| GRU | No |
| Gather | No |
| GatherElements | Doesn't work with negative indices |
| GatherND | No |
| GatherTree | No |
| Gemm | No |
| GlobalAveragePool | No |
| GlobalMaxPool | No |
| Greater | No |
| GreaterEqual | No |
| HardSigmoid | No |
| Identity | Not needed for inference |
| ImageScaler | No |
| LRN | No |
| LSTM | Peepholes are not supported |
| LeakyRelu | No |
| Less | No |
| LessEqual | No |
| Log | No |
| LogicalAnd | No |
| LogicalOr | No |
| LogSoftmax | No |
| Loop | No |
| MatMul | No |
| MaxPool | No |
| MeanVarianceNormalization | Reduction over the batch dimension is not supported, reduction over all dimensions except batch and channel ones is obligatory |
| Min | No |
| Mul | No |
| Neg | No |
| NonMaxSuppression | No |
| NonZero | No |
| Not | No |
| NotEqual | No |
| OneHot | No |
| Pad | No |
| Pow | No |
| PriorBox (Intel experimental) | No |
| QuantizeLinear | No |
| RNN | No |
| ROIAlign | No |
| Range | No |
| Reciprocal | No |
| ReduceL1 | No |
| ReduceL2 | No |
| ReduceMax | No |
| ReduceMean | No |
| ReduceMin | No |
| ReduceProd | No |
| ReduceSum | No |
| Relu | No |
| Reshape | No |
| Resize | Coordinate transformation mode `tf_crop_and_resize` is not supported, `nearest` mode is not supported for 5D+ inputs. |
| ReverseSequence | No |
| Round | No |
| Scatter | Supported if fuse-able to ScatterUpdate. MYRIAD only |
| ScatterND | No |
| ScatterElements | Supported if fuse-able to ScatterUpdate. MYRIAD only |
| Select | No |
| Shape | No |
| Sigmoid | No |
| Sign | No |
| Sin | No |
| Slice | No |
| Softmax | No |
| Softplus | No |
| Softsign | No |
| SpaceToDepth | No |
| Sqrt | No |
| Squeeze | The case when squeeze axis is not specified is not supported |
| Sub | No |
| Sum | No |
| Tan | No |
| Tanh | No |
| ThresholdedRelu | No |
| TopK | No |
| Transpose | No |
| Unsqueeze | No |
| Upsample | No |
| Where | No |
| Xor | No |

Commit message:

[MO] StridedSlice improvements (#4139)
* fix ss

* successfully converted

* successfully run moved infer and normalizer unit-tests

* successfully rewritten StridedSlice infer unittests

* int64 array

* Successfully converter crash-when-loading, xj_feauture and toy nets (cherry-picked maxpoolV4 and tf_broadcast_ext)

* successfully moved PermuteAttrs to general mechanism

* successfully converted xj_feauture and crash when loading with the new rewritten SS infer

* fixed get_shape_from_slice and moved to common utils

* fixed extending masks and some other

* some refactoring

* fixed extending masks in extractor, fixed licence year and some other code clearing

* corrected a couple of unittests

* fox permute for 5 rank slice and 4 rank inputs/

* WIP

* Added comments

* fixed StridedSlice in ProposalMutation.py

* rechecked shape_infer unittests added some new cases

* added shape_infer unit-tests after StridedSliceNormalizer pass and Permute unit-tests

* corrected unittests

* Applied review comments

* general permutations for inputs implemented, corrected ellipsis unrolling when shrink_axis is at the beginning, some other corrections

* removed code duplication in infer and normalizer, moved 'slices' attr normalizing to StridedSliceNormalizer.py

* removed some code duplication and other minor improvements

* Added tests

* minor corrections

* wider range of unittests added (froze the number)

* review comments applied

* enabled skipped unit-test

* comment corrections

* applied review comments: changed op -> type, added some asserts, corrected comments and other minor corrections

* sorted inputs, updated Supported_Frameworks_Layers.md, some minor

docs/MO_DG/prepare_model/Supported_Frameworks_Layers.md, after:

# Supported Framework Layers {#openvino_docs_MO_DG_prepare_model_Supported_Frameworks_Layers}

## Caffe\* Supported Layers

Standard Caffe\* layers:

| Layer Name in Caffe\* | Limitations |
|:---------- | :----------|
| Axpy | No |
| BN | No |
| BatchNorm | No |
| Bias | No |
| Concat | No |
| Convolution | No |
| Deconvolution | No |
| DetectionOutput | No |
| Dropout | Not needed for inference |
| Eltwise | No |
| Flatten | No |
| GlobalInput | No |
| InnerProduct | No |
| Input | No |
| LRN | No |
| Permute | No |
| Pooling | No |
| Power | No |
| ROIPooling | No |
| ReLU | No |
| Reshape | No |
| Scale | No |
| ShuffleChannel | No |
| Slice | No |
| Softmax | No |
| Tile | No |


## MXNet\* Supported Symbols

Standard MXNet\* symbols:

| Symbol Name in MXNet\*| Limitations|
| :----------| :----------|
| _Plus | No |
| _contrib_MultiBoxDetection | "force_suppress" = 1 is not supported, non-default variances are not supported |
| _contrib_MultiBoxPrior | No |
| _contrib_Proposal | No |
| _copy | Not needed for inference |
| _minus_scalar | No |
| _mul_scalar | No |
| _arange | No |
| _contrib_AdaptiveAvgPooling2D | Converted to the Average Pooling with fixed paddings |
| _maximum | No |
| _minimum | No |
| add_n | No |
| arccosh | No |
| arcsinh | No |
| arctanh | No |
| broadcast_add | No |
| broadcast_mul | No |
| cumsum | No |
| div_scalar | No |
| elementwise_sub | No |
| elemwise_add | No |
| elemwise_mul | No |
| exp | No |
| expand_dims | No |
| greater_scalar | No |
| minus_scalar | No |
| null | Not needed for inference |
| repeat | No |
| rnn | No |
| rnn_param_concat | No |
| round | No |
| sigmoid | No |
| slice | No |
| slice_axis | No |
| slice_channel | No |
| slice_like | No |
| stack | No |
| swapaxis | No |
| tile | No |
| transpose | No |
| zeros | No |
| Activation | supported "act_type" = "relu", "sigmoid", "softrelu" or "tanh" |
| BatchNorm | No |
| Concat | No |
| Convolution | No |
| Crop | "center_crop" = 1 is not supported |
| Custom | [Custom Layers in the Model Optimizer](customize_model_optimizer/Customize_Model_Optimizer.md) |
| Deconvolution | No |
| DeformableConvolution | No |
| DeformablePSROIPooling | No |
| Dropout | Not needed for inference |
| ElementWiseSum | No |
| Embedding | No |
| Flatten | No |
| FullyConnected | No |
| InstanceNorm | No |
| L2Normalization | only 4D input is supported |
| LRN | No |
| LeakyReLU | No |
| Pad | No |
| Pooling | No |
| ROIPooling | No |
| ReLU | No |
| Reshape | No |
| ScaleShift | No |
| SoftmaxActivation | No |
| SoftmaxOutput | No |
| SoftSign | No |
| Take | The attribute 'mode' is not supported |
| Tile | No |
| UpSampling | No |
| Where | No |


## TensorFlow\* Supported Operations

Some TensorFlow\* operations do not match to any Inference Engine layer, but are still supported by the Model Optimizer and can be used on constant propagation path. These layers are labeled 'Constant propagation' in the table.

Standard TensorFlow\* operations:

| Operation Name in TensorFlow\* | Limitations|
| :----------| :----------|
| Acosh | No |
| Add | No |
| AddV2 | No |
| AddN | No |
| ArgMax | No |
| Asinh | No |
| Atanh | No |
| AvgPool | No |
| AvgPoolV2 | Supported only for constant kernel_size and strides inputs |
| BatchToSpaceND | No |
| BiasAdd | No |
| Bucketize | CPU only |
| Cast | No |
| Ceil | No |
| Concat | No |
| ConcatV2 | No |
| Const | No |
| Conv2D | No |
| Conv2DBackpropInput | No |
| Cos | No |
| Cosh | No |
| CropAndResize | "method" = "bilinear" only |
| CumSum | No |
| DepthToSpace| No |
| DepthwiseConv2dNative| No |
| Enter | Supported only when it is fused to the TensorIterator layer |
| Equal | No |
| Exit | Supported only when it is fused to the TensorIterator layer |
| Exp | No |
| ExpandDims | No |
| ExperimentalSparseWeightedSum | CPU only |
| ExtractImagePatches | No |
| EuclideanNorm | No |
| FakeQuantWithMinMaxVars | No |
| FakeQuantWithMinMaxVarsPerChannel | No |
| Fill | No |
| Floor | No |
| FloorDiv | No |
| FusedBatchNorm | No |
| FusedBatchNormV2 | No |
| FusedBatchNormV3 | No |
| Gather | No |
| GatherNd | No |
| GatherV2 | No |
| Greater | No |
| GreaterEqual | No |
| Identity | Not needed for shape inference |
| LRN | No |
| Less | No |
| Log | No |
| Log1p | No |
| LogicalAnd | No |
| LogicalOr | No |
| LogicalNot | No |
| LogSoftmax | No |
| LoopCond | Supported only when it is fused to the TensorIterator layer |
| MatMul | No |
| Max | No |
| MaxPool | No |
| MaxPoolV2 | Supported only for constant kernel_size and strides inputs |
| Maximum | No |
| Mean | No |
| Merge | Supported only when it is fused to the TensorIterator layer |
| Min | No |
| Minimum | No |
| MirrorPad | No |
| Mul | No |
| Neg | No |
| NextIteration | Supported only when it is fused to the TensorIterator layer |
| NonMaxSuppressionV3 | No |
| NonMaxSuppressionV4 | No |
| NonMaxSuppressionV5 | No |
| NoOp | No |
| OneHot | No |
| Pack | No |
| Pad | No |
| PadV2 | No |
| Placeholder | No |
| PlaceholderWithDefault | No |
| Prod | No |
| Range | No |
| Rank | No |
| RealDiv | No |
| Relu | No |
| Relu6 | No |
| Reshape | No |
| ResizeBilinear | No |
| ResizeNearestNeighbor | No |
| ResourceGather| No |
| ReverseSequence | No |
| Round | No |
| Rsqrt | No |
| Shape | No |
| Sigmoid | No |
| Sin | No |
| Sinh | No |
| Size | No |
| Slice | No |
| Softmax | No |
| Softplus | No |
| Softsign | No |
| SpaceToBatchND | No |
| SparseToDense | CPU only |
| Split | No |
| SplitV | No |
| Sqrt | No |
| Square | No |
| SquaredDifference | No |
| Square| No |
| Squeeze | The case when squeeze axis is not specified is not supported |
| StopGradient | Not needed for shape inference |
| StridedSlice | Supported only for constant begin, end, and strides inputs |
| Sub | No |
| Sum | No |
| Swish | No |
| Switch | Control flow propagation |
| Tan | No |
| Tanh | No |
| TensorArrayGatherV3 | Supported only when it is fused to the TensorIterator layer |
| TensorArrayReadV3 | Supported only when it is fused to the TensorIterator layer |
| TensorArrayScatterV3 | Supported only when it is fused to the TensorIterator layer |
| TensorArraySizeV3 | Supported only when it is fused to the TensorIterator layer |
| TensorArrayV3 | Supported only when it is fused to the TensorIterator layer |
| TensorArrayWriteV3 | Supported only when it is fused to the TensorIterator layer |
| Tile | No |
| TopkV2 | No |
| Transpose | No |
| Unpack | No |
| Where | No |
| ZerosLike | No |


## Kaldi\* Supported Layers

Standard Kaldi\* Layers:

| Symbol Name in Kaldi\*| Limitations|
| :----------| :----------|
| addshift | No |
| affinecomponent | No |
| affinetransform | No |
| clipgradientcomponent | Not needed for inference |
| concat | No |
| convolutional1dcomponent | No |
| convolutionalcomponent | No |
| copy | No |
| Crop | No |
| elementwiseproductcomponent | No |
| fixedaffinecomponent | No |
| fixedbiascomponent | No |
| fixedscalecomponent | No |
| generaldropoutcomponent| Not needed for inference |
| linearcomponent | No |
| logsoftmaxcomponent | No |
| lstmnonlinearitycomponent | No |
| lstmprojected | No |
| lstmprojectedstreams | No |
| maxpoolingcomponent | No |
| naturalgradientaffinecomponent | No |
| naturalgradientperelementscalecomponent | No |
| noopcomponent | Not needed for inference |
| normalizecomponent | No |
| parallelcomponent | No |
| pnormcomponent | No |
| rectifiedlinearcomponent | No |
| rescale | No |
| sigmoid | No |
| softmax | No |
| softmaxComponent | No |
| softsign | No |
| specaugmenttimemaskcomponent | Not needed for inference |
| splicecomponent | No |
| tanhcomponent | No |
| tdnncomponent | No |


## ONNX\* Supported Operators

Standard ONNX\* operators:

| Symbol Name in ONNX\*| Limitations|
| :----------| :----------|
| Abs | No |
| Acos | No |
| Acosh | No |
| Add | No |
| Affine | No |
| ArgMax | No |
| Asin | No |
| Asinh | No |
| Atan | No |
| Atanh | No |
| AveragePool | No |
| BatchMatMul | No |
| BatchNormalization | No |
| Cast | No |
| Ceil | No |
| Clip | No |
| Concat | No |
| Constant | No |
| ConstantFill | No |
| ConstantOfShape | No |
| Conv | No |
| ConvTranspose |  |
| Cos | No |
| Cosh | No |
| Crop | No |
| CumSum | No |
| DequantizeLinear | No |
| DetectionOutput (Intel experimental) | No |
| Div | No |
| Dropout | Not needed for inference |
| Elu | No |
| Equal | No |
| Erf | No |
| Expand | No |
| FakeQuantize (Intel experimental) | No |
| Fill | No |
| Flatten | No |
| Floor | No |
| GRU | No |
| Gather | No |
| GatherElements | Doesn't work with negative indices |
| GatherND | No |
| GatherTree | No |
| Gemm | No |
| GlobalAveragePool | No |
| GlobalMaxPool | No |
| Greater | No |
| GreaterEqual | No |
| HardSigmoid | No |
| Identity | Not needed for inference |
| ImageScaler | No |
| LRN | No |
| LSTM | Peepholes are not supported |
| LeakyRelu | No |
| Less | No |
| LessEqual | No |
| Log | No |
| LogicalAnd | No |
| LogicalOr | No |
| LogSoftmax | No |
| Loop | No |
| MatMul | No |
| MaxPool | No |
| MeanVarianceNormalization | Reduction over the batch dimension is not supported, reduction over all dimensions except batch and channel ones is obligatory |
| Min | No |
| Mul | No |
| Neg | No |
| NonMaxSuppression | No |
| NonZero | No |
| Not | No |
| NotEqual | No |
| OneHot | No |
| Pad | No |
| Pow | No |
| PriorBox (Intel experimental) | No |
| QuantizeLinear | No |
| RNN | No |
| ROIAlign | No |
| Range | No |
| Reciprocal | No |
| ReduceL1 | No |
| ReduceL2 | No |
| ReduceMax | No |
| ReduceMean | No |
| ReduceMin | No |
| ReduceProd | No |
| ReduceSum | No |
| Relu | No |
| Reshape | No |
| Resize | Coordinate transformation mode `tf_crop_and_resize` is not supported, `nearest` mode is not supported for 5D+ inputs. |
| ReverseSequence | No |
| Round | No |
| Scatter | Supported if fuse-able to ScatterUpdate. MYRIAD only |
| ScatterND | No |
| ScatterElements | Supported if fuse-able to ScatterUpdate. MYRIAD only |
| Select | No |
| Shape | No |
| Sigmoid | No |
| Sign | No |
| Sin | No |
| Slice | No |
| Softmax | No |
| Softplus | No |
| Softsign | No |
| SpaceToDepth | No |
| Sqrt | No |
| Squeeze | The case when squeeze axis is not specified is not supported |
| Sub | No |
| Sum | No |
| Tan | No |
| Tanh | No |
| ThresholdedRelu | No |
| TopK | No |
| Transpose | No |
| Unsqueeze | No |
| Upsample | No |
| Where | No |
| Xor | No |
